Update README.md (#26373)
dotnet/docs: README.md

We welcome contributions to help us improve and complete the .NET docs. This is a very large repo, covering a large area. If this is your first visit, see our [labels and projects roadmap](styleguide/labels-projects.md) for help navigating the issues and projects in this repository.

To contribute, see:

> - The [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) has instructions on procedures we use.
> - Issues labeld with [`up-for-grabs`](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aup-for-grabs) for ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for instructions on procedures we use.
- Issues labeled [`up-for-grabs`](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aup-for-grabs) for ideas.
```
